Disallow run n and run x as flow names (#327)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/installing-workflows.rst

addition of the option ``--directory=PATH/TO/SOURCE/DIRECTORY`` (alternatively,
``-C PATH/TO/SOURCE/DIRECTORY``).

.. note::

>    To avoid confusion install will fail if ``--flow-name=runN`` or
>    ``--flow-name=run<number>``. These values are reserved for naming runs.

Reviewer: Suggestion to make it clear it's disallowed anywhere in the workflow name (not just when using `--flow-name`)
```suggestion
   To avoid confusion, ``cylc install`` will fail if the workflow name
   contains ``runN`` or ``run<number>``. These directory names are
   reserved for the automatic numbering of run directories.
```
